the problem today of international aid
it is both insufficient
and fragmented
so fragmented because there are some united nations organizations that
deals with the question of the feeding of agriculture and
food aid that his host
the parena and faro
or the figaro called three years romance
and who plays the role then these are big institutions that have some
inertia that have running costs that are relatively
heavy
but who plays the role
with them some relevance of their areas of business problems
that she does not play it separately
and that the device lacks coordination
and then the second problem that we face
it is that there is an overall inadequacy of the means to deal with the question
of malnutrition and hunger in the world action against hunger is constantly on
to repeat that this a scourge it's a scandal that's still got 150
millions of people who are hungry in the world
and it's time on the occasion of these food crises to mobilize the
international community to mobilize public opinion
to find additional financial resources
to eradicate this scourge in a definitive way
and therefore the proposal for action against hunger and create a fund
global fight against hunger and malnutrition, which is a vision
but more comprehensive and more complementary than what exists
today
and then which is modes
governance and management methods or renovated in break with the
current device
that give confidence
and attract new donors
whether on the state side or on the side
private partners or private foundations, especially the large ones
private American foundations
I think that it has two pitfalls in this level in which it is not necessary
fall that is liberalism at all horsehair and consider agriculture and
agricultural materials
still very much like another
and then the other pitfall that you have to avoid these two
suresnes show it on protect
and suddenly animated the fluidity of editorial actions and and products
food
between these two extremes
I think there is room for reflection at the level of financial institutions
to ask the question as soon as they are the best economic mods for
manage it an issue as strategic as crucial as the
food question
I have no concrete proposals to make but I think that it really
that the experts
look at this issue we must not fall into the wind in excess
that is to say that all bio fuel
we do not seem relevant to me since it works from surface to
detriment
of cereal production for human consumption but in all
case the question
agrofuels
do not have the single answer to the food crisis
it's only a party party apparently wants
relatively modest gold compared to managing this crisis
perrier of things skid% and the immediate repercussions convoy because
only in IDP camps in refugee camps
you have to deal with food distributions
and there is a need for additional means to distribute the
same amounts of food as themselves in paragliding
and then there were also consequences that we see again in somalia eyes
in Liberia directly affect problems
nutrients and there we have to face we must act
to put in place appropriate nutritional treatment, in particular for
children
so that's what we do but also what I called bombs to
delaying this severe food crisis from things that are not seen
to take a simple example for example at liberia women
today
rather than two years ago
put them in trouble their children
and good to change their model and nanterre instead of consuming rice and
we eat cassava which is going to be a little bit cheaper
they may be reducing their number of meals a day to cope
to the brief difficulty we see sneakily rising costs and
adaptation behavior but may not be able to last very long
a long time in the coming months
hence the need to devalue statutes and situations
in the countryside and in the city
and to see which populations targeted that the most affected in the
coming months since the water
all experts agree that the trend
2% and inflation on foodstuffs will continue in
months and in the years to come
so it's all about preparing for the trans-alert to deal with situations
that may not appear today but that could
appear in the coming months